click click click the microphone who
[__] cares at this point midnight not
a sound from the pavement she is smiling
[Music]
everybody wants a full cover that from
the Mitchell Robbins but nah hey it's me
Versace
whoops somebody shot me first we got
self medicate the only thing I have to
wash it down with is the worst flavor of
Gatorade known to man
lime cucumber this stuff tastes like
[__] on a summer's day we're at the day
I got taped of [__] to something do you
ever just find like some content or a
creator or just a person that is just so
insulting ly bad somebody that's just so
[__] annoying and stupid and you just
wonder why why does this person have a
platform why are they successful I don't
understand so today in the spirit of the
fall harvest we've got today's mic tape
thing see that no don't face track me
you see that that's a guava fruit it
tastes like pure garbage it tastes like
if you squeezed a bunch of wood glue
into some ketchup and then let it
marinate in some Valvoline oil for about
10 years
see this guava fruit [__] this guava
fruit but there's one other guava
related thing that we can say [__] you
too as well and that is the
extraordinarily successful youtuber
guava juice guy even smells bad we're
using eco-friendly tape today it's less
tape hi I'm Gus Johnson and I regularly
dress like a piece of human garbage so
thank God that today's video was
sponsored by one of the best clothing
companies out there bomb fell calm you
want hand-picked just for you from your
custom stylist clothing to help you look
flippin fresh go to Bond feel calm slash
Gus the links right there and it's in
the description too but we'll hear more
from them later stay tuned to watch me
get a flippin fairy tale makeover it
later on in the video all right later ah
so if you've spent some time on YouTube
maybe you've had the disk for the Miss
the unfortunate miss for
of stumbling across a channel called
guava juice I don't even know how to
like introduce this channel because it's
so [__] stupid that there's not even
a common theme to it I guess you could
say it's kind of one of those like
excess channels you know like oh here's
ten thousand Orbeez in a [__]
Oldsmobile I was on trending like a
couple weeks ago and I saw another
[__] guava juice video on trending
and it was like number two like when you
see something on trending as number two
you you should rightfully assume oh my
god this is something that so many
people care about this is important so
the face of guava juice is basically
just this one dude and his name is roy
wa Beto you ever tell that you are not
gonna like someone just by hearing their
name Roy fib to take a look at any quavo
juice thumbnail look I'm gonna throw a
bunch of guava juice thumbnails on the
screen right now
cacao this is such a lengthy intro and
let's just why I here okay let's just
watch let's watch the video that was
number two on trending like a week ago
buckle up for some important [__] so
this video is called extreme puppy bath
challenge extreme puppy bath challenge
maybe he's gonna spend a lot of time in
a bath with a puppy maybe he's gonna
kill some dogs in a tub okay you're
gonna notice through this whole video
that most of the time on screen he will
make what I guess is his version of
jokes and then his editor God knows he's
not editing them himself
we'll just take his shitty joke and
replay it three times and slow it down
every time and lower the pitch of his
voice and change it to black and white
here's an example I'm gonna make a
shitty joke and then edit it like you're
about to see about 30 times I think I
have to go poop could we give this video
a pause pause pause [__] up [__] I'm
going 24 hours of puppies in the
up and down we're gonna see what happens
okay so I just want to state for the
record that he's saying less than a
minute in I'm going to spend 24 hours in
a bathtub with puppies that's what he's
gonna do right I can't imagine you would
Welch on that promise oh there's another
one oh my goodness I thought we were
done dude look at you you look like a
sloth you're a sloppy looking one all
right we're gonna be on this bathtub for
24 hours okay you'll feel free to pee
feel free to poop do whatever you want
again we're gonna be in this bathtub for
24 hours okay so the puppies are
crawling on him and he tells them feel
free to just [__] all over me if you
gotta go take a leak here's your target
fellas
yo Pharrell shoutouts to pops of Reps
for making this happen pups and reps was
my favorite NBC show I'm an Amy brownie
I'm a name you cookie and I'm gonna name
you brownie number two who was growling
ooh
everyone's so comfortable look
everyone's just so comfortable around me
oh just my face did you catch that
uh-uh-uh sick joke Roy what okay okay
here's what I find disconcerting about
that I'm using context clues to try to
figure out what the hell kind of
situation he's in here many of his
videos take place in like the same
warehouse so he's got like this
warehouse studio that he's rented out
for all these [__] videos he pulls a
boom pulled down meaning that there
definitely is at least the puppy
Wrangler that we saw before the camera
person holding the camera and a boom
operator meaning that this is at least a
four person crew perhaps more plus the
editor that I'm sure he's got how many
people are behind this all right so
here's what we're gonna do okay I'm
gonna go set you free and we're gonna do
a little scavenger okay what I need to
get out sorry
later
okay so probably 10 minutes has gone by
and he's already gotten out of the
[__] bathtub 24 hours my ah this
video is an indication of every one of
his goddamn videos it's like he'll show
up and there'll be one central thing
like he'll get to work and he'll be like
hey guys what's going on hey Roy
we got you a bunch of baloney sandwiches
today what are we gonna do with them I
don't know you got any thoughts now just
uh I'll just dog [__] around for 10
minutes you guys can just cut together
okay they're everywhere they're not even
jokes boo boo hmm I am my own friend why
are you so fast
[Laughter]
I'm usually when dogs hang out in a pack
when they're introduced to a new dog all
the dogs in the pack get wild
okay the [__] was that edit ah now is
about the time you realize that 9
minutes have gone by in this video and
pretty much just it's nothing that's the
most insulting part like I can recognize
how certain things on YouTube despite
being stupid or despite being childish
and stuff they have a place they have a
clear defined audience but who is this
for see I'm in their playpen now huh I'm
just gonna poop right here
who is watching this who is giving guava
juice millions of views per video and
who the [__] cares and why is YouTube
pushing this in front of everybody's
face alright you want another [__]
example here let's watch another upload
from like a week ago
one dollar trampoline versus 100 dollar
trampoline first of all for the [__] are
you gonna find a $1 trampoline you can't
even find a spring for a trampoline for
a dollar I guarantee it oh by the way
he's gonna say ass get it or ass get
whatever that little pump thing is yeah
he's gonna say that about 27 times
during the video because he is a
naturally unfunny and on creative person
and if you are unfunny and on creative
you often default to a catchphrase or
idea that you think is funny or creative
from someplace else in place of actual
content or material is this video just
gonna make me look like a complete
[__]
watch your step because just kidding
there's nothing there remember that kid
in middle school that was just thought
he was absolutely hilarious and just
would always do voices and [__] and just
mess around and stuff and then no one
laughed at him and you realize now that
you're a sensible adult and you look
back on those days you realize like I
should feel sorry for that kid because
he's probably changed now and he's a
different person well Roy is someone
that was that kid and then just kept
being that kid and still is that kid and
it's just not it's just sad I think now
that's a hot take cost more than
probably most people's cars nowadays I
thought the title said $100,000
trampoline
what's this $10,000 [__] do I look
like a poor boy you think I moved out to
lows Angelis for to see this poor
broke-ass [__] this is a shirt that I
got two years ago in a pack of 15 shirts
for about $20 just so you know it has a
hole in it you can't even see it's down
here this is mild sauce
Stane millions of dollars right here Oh
cash money all right come on what you
doing just so you know in case you were
an idiot and didn't know that's clearly
fake prop money - that's not real money
is grab some cash go like this okay and
there you go
this is called the side part what is it
skinny that's the Sapphire you feel have
someone jump and you just wake up in the
air and what is okay so all right so
let's piece together what do they do in
this video $1.00 trampoline versus
$100,000 trampoline I'll save you the
drama I've seen the video before how do
you think I did this thing you think
that the commentary stuff just we just
find it on the spot no I've seen the
video before first of all it's just a
regular trampoline okay second of all
where's the $1 trampoline there's no vs.
what are you trying to lay cash in on
some big Marvel type titles or something
some BuzzFeed versus [__] there's no
[__] $1.00 trampoline it doesn't
exist it's not in the video boom oh but
ROI is very well aware of what he's
doing as evidenced by this line later in
the video
okay okay okay algorithm he [__]
knows exactly what he's doing
there's half the video left I honestly I
don't even want to watch the show I do
not want to watch it I what else is
there to say about it honestly it's it's
just plain insulting I don't even know
it's not even like this content is
inherently problematic like it's
deceiving children like the Paul
brothers or it's like weird violent [__]
like the old weird toy channel stuff
that was going on but it's just like
what is the moral of this story what's
the thesis I don't know can't knock the
hustle the guys clearly making a lot of
money but it's like dude [__] try
just tried aren't you guys happy that
you clicked on this video didn't you
learn so much this was not a waste of
time was it this was a good piece of
content hey guys remember how disgusting
I was this entire video well how's about
a makeover that we promised
and who better to make over my
disgusting body than bomb fell calm
that's Bo MV f ll calm /g us I tell you
what fellas or ladies who can order on
their partners behalf and get a slick
gift for their fellows this holiday
season so you go to BOM feel calm / gush
you tell them you're sizing options you
tell them kind of what your price range
is gonna be a little bit - you get to
handpick some different styles that look
like things that you or your man would
possibly wear then you get your own
personalized bomb fell stylist that goes
in assesses your body type and assesses
your choices and your price range and
stuff and they will hand pick outfits
for you and send them your way this is
not just some cut and paste delivery box
service where you just get random stuff
sent to you this is personalized
clothing set right to your door now look
it's super risk-free too because your
stylist is gonna email you their choices
and you got 48 hours to be like Amy got
it shut it down I don't want that
clothing but the great thing is if bomb
fell flipping knocks it out of the park
on the first try and then you get
discounts depending on how many of the
items you keep if you keep at least two
items bump
10% off you keep at least three items
boom 15% you keep at least four items Oh
20% off well you can't put a dirty boy
in fresh new clothes
so hold tight fellas and ladies because
I'm gonna go take a shower you can't
come in it will get demonetized right
away you'll see my button penis duh
alright we're fresh and clean out the
shower
all right let's pop this bad boy open
for you
wimzie's puppies open bamboo actually
looks pretty slick welcome friends no
one has ever treated me with that much
respect Thank You bomb fell that cup /
Gus pantalones what's this another shirt
is this a jacket or a chuck kata as some
people say
my girlfriend's from Mexico so she'll
love this segment
she's also filming this I heard you like
bad boys bomb fell down cops asked us oh
look at that I'm not a piece of garbage
anymore alright real talk I know that
I'm being paid to do this ad I know that
it's sponsored but truthfully this feels
like an incredibly high quality jacket
this looks like really lasting material
I don't find pants that fit me well
often I'm damn pleased with these pants
I got a big ass butt and some skinny
little chicken legs so these make me
look like a kind of working professional
so go check out bomb fell calm / Gus you
get 25 bucks off your first order
freshen up your style get on my meme
game right now and it helps out the
channel so thank you bomb fell for
sponsoring and thank you for watching go
away I'm just probably gonna stay here
and edit actually so
[Music]
[Applause]